groups/aigroup.md, before:

---
title: "AI"
---

<style>
.ext-link {
  color: #3498db !important;
}
</style>

<div style="background-color: white">

---

</div>

### Leaders

- Tal Globus 
- Maxim Bravo 
- Ryan Teoh

### Weekly Meeting

Sundays 5 - 7:30pm (tentatively) at <a rel="noreferrer noopener" target="__blank" href="https://discord.gg/BpaFS4h" class="ext-link">Discord</a> AI channel 

### Description

You don't need to go to Grad school to do Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence. Our motto: Build Cool Stuff. We'll teach you the basics and apply your knowledge to create projects you can show off! 

### Projects 

#### CardsagainstAI (Ongoing)

You like Cards Against Humanity®? You like AI? You like CardsagainstAI. We trained a model to play Cards Against Humanity based on statistical significance. We're also building a web application to play the game. Most CAH sites out there look terrible. So if you're interested in automating sarcasm or building the next hit on the Internet, join us! 

#### defthedonald

TRUMP BANNED FROM TWITTER!!! Liberal conspiracy confirmed. We trained GPT-2 on a treasure trove of Trump tweets to create a bot that tweets in the voice of Donald Trump. Here's one of them: 

<div class="container">
  <img style="width: 50%; height:50%; max-width: 100%; max-height:100%" src="/images/groups/ai/defthedonald.png" alt="defthedonald"></img>
</div>
<br>

### Resources

We get asked a lot about how to get started in ML/AI. You'll have to learn some Python and Math along the way but we don't recommend you to dig too deep into the technical details, it can get very complex. Rather, focusing on the intuition and how the model works alone will get you pretty far. **Note: You don't need to know anything other than some basic programming prior to joining us.** 

###### Python

We recommend <a rel="noreferrer noopener" target="__blank" href=" https://learnxinyminutes.com/docs/python/ " class="ext-link">learnxinyminutes</a> to get up to speed in Python. No need to learn the whole language. Variables, Loops, Conditionals and Functions will do.


 
 
###### ML stuff 
 
Most courses out there focus way too much on the math. If you're self-learning, we recommend <a rel="noreferrer noopener" target="__blank" href="https://course.fast.ai/" class="ext-link">fastai</a>. See what they say in this <a rel="noreferrer noopener" href="https://course.fast.ai/#Is-this-course-for-me?" target="__blank" class="ext-link">section</a>.

Commit message:

Fixed svg loading issue and some changes to group page routing

groups/aigroup.md, after:

---
title: "AI"
description: "Join the AI Group for an introduction to Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning topics. Here you will learn the basics so that you can start creating your own projects! If you are already experienced, you can also contribute to some of our ongoing projects."
link: "/groups/aigroup"
icon: "/assets/icons/brain.svg"
---

<style>
.ext-link {
  color: #3498db !important;
}
</style>
<div style="background-color: white">

---

</div>

### Leaders

- Tal Globus
- Maxim Bravo
- Ryan Teoh

### Weekly Meeting

Sundays 5 - 7:30pm (tentatively) at <a rel="noreferrer noopener" target="__blank" href="https://discord.gg/BpaFS4h" class="ext-link">Discord</a> AI channel

### Description

You don't need to go to Grad school to do Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence. Our motto: Build Cool Stuff. We'll teach you the basics and apply your knowledge to create projects you can show off!

### Projects

#### CardsagainstAI (Ongoing)

You like Cards Against Humanity®? You like AI? You like CardsagainstAI. We trained a model to play Cards Against Humanity based on statistical significance. We're also building a web application to play the game. Most CAH sites out there look terrible. So if you're interested in automating sarcasm or building the next hit on the Internet, join us!

#### defthedonald

TRUMP BANNED FROM TWITTER!!! Liberal conspiracy confirmed. We trained GPT-2 on a treasure trove of Trump tweets to create a bot that tweets in the voice of Donald Trump. Here's one of them:

<div class="container">
  <img style="width: 50%; height:50%; max-width: 100%; max-height:100%" src="/images/groups/ai/defthedonald.png" alt="defthedonald"></img>
</div>
<br>

### Resources

We get asked a lot about how to get started in ML/AI. You'll have to learn some Python and Math along the way but we don't recommend you to dig too deep into the technical details, it can get very complex. Rather, focusing on the intuition and how the model works alone will get you pretty far. **Note: You don't need to know anything other than some basic programming prior to joining us.**

###### Python

We recommend <a rel="noreferrer noopener" target="__blank" href=" https://learnxinyminutes.com/docs/python/ " class="ext-link">learnxinyminutes</a> to get up to speed in Python. No need to learn the whole language. Variables, Loops, Conditionals and Functions will do.

###### ML stuff

Most courses out there focus way too much on the math. If you're self-learning, we recommend <a rel="noreferrer noopener" target="__blank" href="https://course.fast.ai/" class="ext-link">fastai</a>. See what they say in this <a rel="noreferrer noopener" href="https://course.fast.ai/#Is-this-course-for-me?" target="__blank" class="ext-link">section</a>.
